---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "utility_available_cidr Resource - terraform-provider-utility"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Available CIDR resource
---

# utility_available_cidr (Resource)

Available CIDR resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mask` (Number) Desired mask (network/subnet size) to find that is available. Changing this value after creation **HAS NO EFFECT**. This allows the `result` CIDR to remain stable when it is used to find a range to create a network/subnet. If you would like to conditionally update this resource, use the `keepers` field.
- `parent_cidrs` (List of String) A list of the CIDR range(s) from which to search for available CIDR ranges. Changing this value after creation **HAS NO EFFECT**. This allows the `result` CIDR to remain stable when it is used to find a range to create a network/subnet. If you would like to conditionally update this resource, use the `keepers` field.
- `used_cidrs` (List of String) CIDR ranges that are already used within the `parent_cidrs` which should be avoided to prevent overlaps and/or collisions. Changing this value after creation **HAS NO EFFECT**. This allows the `result` CIDR to remain stable when it is used to find a range to create a network/subnet. If you would like to conditionally update this resource, use the `keepers` field.

### Optional

- `keepers` (Map of String) Arbitrary map of values that, when changed, will trigger recreation of resource. See [the main provider documentation](../index.html) for more information.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CIDR Identifier
- `result` (String) The available CIDR that was found.


